CAP-0021 updates (#1155)
stellar/stellar-protocol: core/cap-0040.md

signers, rather than once if the hint allows for pruning signers of the
different type.

### Empty payload is allowed

> This CAP allows the signer to use an empty payload. There are no issues with
> signing an empty payload, so we see no need to special case this scenario.

Reviewer: We could be more specific as to who/what "There" is:
```suggestion
This CAP allows the signer to use an empty payload. Ed25519 specifies no issues with
signing an empty payload, so we see no need to special case this scenario.
```

Author: I removed this section
